##  It wasn't easy on Europa. After all, humanity was given one rule. Make no landing there, the rest of the worlds were ours, but not Europa. Funny that we obstinate kinds take those words as a challenge rather than the warning it was supposed to be. Either way, cobbling together the things you need, fixing what broke, and cobbling together new things are all basic survival skills. Especially when it comes to living on the omninet.


##  What's there do do after you've managed to secure some food, scavenge a rig together, and go so far as to replace half your body with it? Figure out how to leave the hell hole you're in, that's what. To do that though, you need to be noticed by the right people, and that takes a certain set of skills. That's to say that trolling the dredges of the omninet and uncovering secrets was a past time. Doing that while drawing only the attention of the right people however? That's the hard part. It's best to be unseen, otherwise.


##  The hacker, Cheshire, is only remembered by few on Europa. Not celebrated or cursed upon, but remembered. Which is to say that getting noticed only by the right people, was successful. At least, I'm pretty sure I was only noticed by the right people. Gaining access to an NHP research institute wasn't easy, but it's what got me on the map of my mysterious benefactor. They noticed me drudging around the network, learning, reading, practicing using their resources to craft my own NHPs. When I finally completed it? A union ship came to Europa, and I was voluntold to go, not that I was exactly hesitant to leave. Now, I've been transferred to Rio Grande Carrier to fulfill my end of the bargain for my benefactor.